EKRAMUL ISLAM1/492 Dandenong Road, Caufield North, 3161, Melbourne, Australia | Phone: +61425709925  ekramjim002@gmail.comGithub | LinkedinEducation- Cambridge O-Level Examination- Cambridge A-Levels Examination (2 A*, 1A)- MONASH UNIVERSITY Australia | Jul 2022 – Jul 2025o Bachelor Of Computer Science (Data Science)* Awarded high achievers scholarship o Coursework: Data visualisation, Data analytics, Algorithms and Data Structures, Deep Learning, Theory Of Computation- MONASH UNIVERSITY Australia | Jul 2025 – Nov 2026o Master Of Data Science Core SkillsLanguages: Python, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, C, Swift, Kotlin, HTML/CSS/Tailwind, Swift, Bash, R, C, SQLTechnologies: Android, iOS, MongoDB, ReactJS, NodeJS, NextJS, Flutter, AWS, Google CloudTools: Jupyter, Tableau, RStudio, VS Code, Git, GitHub, Docker, GeminiAPI, ChatGPTAPI, Firebase, XcodeOther Technical: Numpy, Pandas, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Scikit-learn, RxJSSoft: Leadership, Decision Making, Technical Communication, Public Speaking, Agile Methodologies, Mentorship, Conflict Resolution, Innovation And Creativity, Negotiation Work ExperienceCo-Founder & CEO at LynkSphere | 2024 December – Present- Delivered staged speeches to attract potential customer at StartSpace Library- Pitched company at BNI Australia to get clients- Successfully delivered iOS, Android and Web Application to Australian clients- Could generate approximate revenue of $30,000 AUD in 8 months Restaurant Cashier - La Baguette Café, Berwick, Melbourne, VIC, Australia | February 2025 – October 2025- Maintained and served customers at the café- Helped restaurant serve customers Sales Manager & Inventory Coordinator – KK Mart, Monash Malaysia | Jul 2023- Managed day-to-day store operations including stock replenishment and ordering from suppliers.- Assisted in shelf layout changes, point-of-sale setup, and promotional displays to improve product visibility and sales.- Used Excel to track inventory trends and forecast demand during peak and off-peak seasons.- Improved inventory accuracy up to 30% by implementing systematic stock-checking procedures.LeadershipGo-Global Day Representative (Italy)- Conducted an event with up to 200+ students where I was the main representative to represent Monash Prato campus to the students of Monash University MalaysiaMonash Prato (Italy) Pisa Tour Leader- Guided group of 5 students in Italy to introduce them to multiple places in Pisa including the leaning tower of Pisa.- Gave a speech in front of Pisa which covered the historical places located in Pisa Italy Monash Prato (Italy) Class Leader (MGX3991 Unit)- Conducted a 45 minutes class where I was the leader. My responsibility was to keep the class engaged by introducing multiple games to the students and recapping what we did in 2 weeks. Conducted a Kahoot inside class.MUVP X RMM Outreach Event (NGO)- Visited a NGO in Malaysia Kuala Lumpur where I conducted a class for the Orphans. ProjectsAFL Game Ranking System | 2025 | JavaScript, Python, CSS, ReactJS, Tailwind | Link- Created a AFL game ranking system which predicts how each AFL team will play for the upcoming match based on historical match data using Deep Learning Algorithm - Deep Learning model reached accuracy of up to 78%LynkSphere Company Website | 2025 | ReactJS, Framer, Tailwind | Link- Built personal company website which shows the projects we have done and the clients we have served in AustraliaAndroid Call State Monitor | 2024 | Java | GitHub Link- It is designed to monitor changes in the phone call state. It utilizes a broadcast receiver, MyCallsReceiver, to detect when there's an incoming call and notifies the user by displaying a Toast message with the caller's number.Fast Food Chain | 2023 | Python | GitHub Link- Project contains efficient algorithmic solutions for two distinct problems - optimizing revenue for a chain of restaurants and finding the shortest path in a tower quest.Hearts Game | 2023 | Python | GitHub Link- Twenty-One is a game of chance where players take turns rolling dice and tallying the results until they decide to stop rolling and lock in their score, or end up going bust with a total over 21. The objective is to be the closest to 21 when everyone is done rolling.F1 Pinnacle Of Motor Sports | 2024 | Tableau | Tableau Public Link- Made interactive Tableau visualisation to display in dept details about driver nationality, team performances over the years, driver performance over the years 